== Welcome to OpenGeoPortal Rails! 

OpenGeoPortal (OpenGeoportal.org) is a new group of geospatial professionals, developers, and librarians working together on a collaboratively developed, open source, federated web application to discover, preview, and retrieve geospatial data.  It is also a collaborative effort to share resources and best practices in the areas of application development, metadata, data sharing, data licensing, and data sources.  Please contact Patrick.Florance@Tufts.edu for more information.

The official project’s application is written in Java (JSP) and the code repository is hosted on Google Code. 
This is a Rails implementation of the basic functionality given by the Java application.  

Rails is a web-application framework that includes everything needed to create
database-backed web applications according to the Model-View-Control pattern.


== Getting Started

Install the gems and pull the submodules

  bundle install
  git submodule init
  git submodule update

Run server:
  rails s

== Console

The console is a Ruby shell, which allows you to interact with your
application's domain model. Here you'll have all parts of the application
configured, just like it is when the application is running. You can inspect
domain models, change values, and save to the database. Starting the script
without arguments will launch it in the development environment.

To start the console, run <tt>rails console</tt> from the application
directory.

Options:

* Passing the <tt>-s, --sandbox</tt> argument will rollback any modifications
  made to the database.
* Passing an environment name as an argument will load the corresponding
  environment. Example: <tt>rails console production</tt>.

To reload your controllers and models after launching the console run
<tt>reload!</tt>

More information about irb can be found at:
link:http://www.rubycentral.org/pickaxe/irb.html


== Contributors
Renzo Sanchez-Silva <renzo@stanford.edu>.

== License 

Copyright (c) 2012 Stanford University Libraries 

Licensed under the {MIT License}[http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MIT].
